LG-5184: new process for a vendor outage (#179)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/secops-incident-response-guide.md

- The SL notifies [#login-situation](https://gsa-tts.slack.com/messages/login-situation/) that an incident has been declared
- SL uses [OpsGenie](https://www.opsgenie.com/) to reach teams and team members as needed
- If incident is an outage (problem impacting users' ability to use Login.gov), SL updates the [Login.gov Statuspage](https://logingov.statuspage.io/) via the [Statuspage Admin Interface](https://manage.statuspage.io/login) ([View Sample Message]({{site.baseurl}}/images/statuspage-sample-message.png){:target="_blank"})

>   - If the cause of the incident is determined to be an outage in a 3rd party vendor, turn on the vendor outage page in the idp via the [Vendor Outage Response Process](https://handbook.tts.gsa.gov/vendor-outage-response-process/)

Reviewer: this links to the TTS handbook not the login handbook? ... if the login handbook, this should be something like:

```suggestion
  - If the cause of the incident is determined to be an outage in a 3rd party vendor, turn on the vendor outage page in the idp via the [Vendor Outage Response Process]({% link _articles/vendor-outage-response-process.md %})
```

Author: 🤦‍♂️
